# Cloud-ERP-A-Revolution-in-the-World-of-Digital-Era
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) was introduced to automate the business process across the organization. Right from managing the finance to automate the manufacturing process in a plant the ERP was introduced for smooth functioning.  Decades later with introduction of cloud technology the software was delivered with the help of internet. ERP is constituted with numerous applications and technology that is helping companies to achieve goals and complete their professional commitments.  Cloud ERP is a system that runs on vendors cloud platform to integrate and automate the business functions and provide a streamline source of data which includes inventory, order, and supply chain management. There are computing resources that are maintained in remote data centers which is dedicated to hosting various applications on multiple platforms.  Cloud ERP Software has lower operating costs because they are leased for a particular time frame. With the helps of cloud ERP it gives an access to the companies to control their business-critical applications at any time from across the locations. Cloud ERP in India is quite valuable to small as well as medium sized business because it provides access full functions at a reasonable price. The selection of right ERP software will help the organizations to scale up their business productivity to the next level.  The cloud ERP solutions help the companies to shrink the costs of maintaining the applications since the cloud vendors can easily handleall the upgrades and updates. With hassle free implementation accessing the system remotely will help the organizations to expand geographically.  Since the time cloud ERP software came into existence it has completely changed the ways of expanding the business across the globe as well as it has opened the doors of endless possibilities for the world.
